So were you successful? Let's split up share place into multiple components and let's also outsource
this input into the place input component and rewrite that. I want to start with that so
I'm going to grab default input here and go to my place input component and there in the view, going
to replace all of that with default input.
Now I actually also don't need the wrapping view anymore so we can get rid of that and we can get rid of
the styling here
because we only have the input we return here in this component so we can return it inline, default input.
Now it's a place input so we can leave the placeholder hardcoded in here, it makes sense I guess, we
don't need the place submit handler anymore because we don't have a button where we submit the place, we
need the place name changed handler, we want to connect this eventually, we don't need that, that was just for demo
purposes.
We need the place name of course, we want to bind this so we want to set up two-way binding in here
and of course we need to import our default input.
So let's do that first, let's import default input here
from, now we just need to go up one level, then into UI then into default input and import it from there.
Now our default input is set up in a way to distribute all props over the default text input component,
so we can easily add two-way binding here,
all we have to do is we have to set value to this state
place name, like that and register the change handler,
so register on change text and set it equal to this place name changed handler, like that, let's distribute this
over multiple lines and that would be the outsourced component.
Now let's import place input into our share place screen here,
I'm removing the default import, default input import because we don't need it here anymore,
instead we now import place input from
and now I just go into components, place input, place input.
Let's now grab that and let's go down there and enter place input like this, if we now save this, we should
have the same look as before, just reloading to be saved, to
be sure that this is the case,
same look as before. We can type in there so that's all working without errors,
so that's looking good,
just got an error regarding missing on press but that doesn't matter here.
So with that, we get this solved,
now let's also create components for picking an image and then also for picking a spot on a map.
So I'll go to my components folder and I'll add a pick image component, name it PickImage.js,
it's going to be a class based one because I plan on handling events in here, for example
the click on the button,
so I'm importing react and component from react here, we'll also need some components from react native
of course,
so react native is what we can import here.
And then as always, I'll create a class, I'll name it pick image, it will extend my component here of
course,
I will then export pick image as a default and in the extended component, we need a render method where I return some
jsx.
Now the jsx we return of course is the jsx we have in the share place component, here
it's that view which wraps the image and the button below it,
so I'm going to cut this from here and put it into pick image here into the return statement.
Now like this we would get an error because we have adjacent jsx elements,
this could easily be fixed by wrapping both with a view which is just an invisible element we can always
use for styling or structuring reasons. Now we need to import some things from react native namely the
view, the image and the button and also stylesheet because we should of course also implement the style
sheet which is responsible for this view.
So here, I'll go to share place and copy all the styles here, the styles component and put it into pick
image below the class definition and there, I will need the button style, the placeholder style and the
preview image style,
so that means I can get rid of the container but I need the other three styles
and now with that, we got our finished pick image set up, the button won't do much right now but we'll
fix this in the future when we actually make the image pickable.
So here to not get this on press warning any more, we can simply add some arrow function where we say
pick image but of course this won't do anything right now
but with the pick image component now finished, we can go back to the share place screen and now import
that component here.
So import pick image from
and now let's again go to the components folder, to the pick image folder and to the pick image file
and let's use pick image in the place where we previously had the other component, the components we
used before.
It's a self-closing element
and right now we don't need to add anything here,
we'll later certainly add something to get the image which was picked, to get that information
but for now we can just throw this in here.
Let's now also add a view for the map, so I'll add a second component here in the components folder,
I'll name it pick location, add a PickLocation.js file in there. I'm going to copy the pick image file
because a lot of it is similar but later, it will be very different once we add a map.
So I got pick location here, rename this to pick location, the class name
both here in the class declaration as well as in the export and then in there, we of course have
different jsx.
We have a look at share place,
this is the jsx code I want to put into my pick location component,
so let's cut it from there and let's replace the part in the wrapping view which is only there to prevent
the error with adjacent jsx elements,
let's paste in our placeholder, now here I'm using a text component so you should also import text from
react native, we use placeholder and button here so we can remove the preview image style.
Now we can use the pick location component in the share place component,
let's simply add it here at the top to imports, we import pick location from
let's simply go to pick location pick location
and let's render pick location here.
Now one thing we also should do is the image which I'm importing here, I don't need it here,
I need it in the pick image component,
so let me remove it from here
and let's go back to pick image.
Here we referenced the image placeholder,
so we should of course also import it here, so we import image placeholder from
and now let's simply move to the assets folder and then pick this beautiful place.
Make sure to save all files and let's have a look at the application now,
we submit and go to share place and it's now totally messed up.
Now why is that?
Because we added extra views in both pick image and pick location,
these views which we added for wrapping them,
they are invisible but of course they now are the child elements of our flex element surrounding everything,
so our container in share place and therefore, the styling which previously looked nice now doesn't
look nice anymore.
Now to make it look nice again,
let's go to pick image for example and let's add a container style here and let's add width 100%
here,
keep in mind, that still will be inside flex box which takes flex one
so now we just have to set up the width of this container to not shrink unnecessarily
and also since this view also of course uses flex box,
let's set align items to center here too.
Now we can use this container prop here on the wrapping view to set style equal to styles
container here.
Now if we save this and we reload this application to be sure it really renders it correctly,
this now looks better,
now let's do the same for the map.
Let's copy the container style here,
go to pick location and add this here in our stylesheet, add it to this view now, so reach up to styles
container,
now if you restructure all that and save it, you should have a nice looking application again.
Let's reload Android to view it there too,
so this looks good again.
So with that, we got a set up with which I want to work,
we now also outsource everything from share place,
so that's looking good and
we have a leaner component here now.
Now we'll add the logic later,
for now, I just wanted to add one piece of logic, we'll do that in the next lecture, connect the place
input to actually store what the user entered so that we can add places again and thereafter, also work
on the other components.
One more thing,
let's go to pick location,
let's also add on press with some dummy function here to get rid of that warning
for the moment,
so here we can say pick location.
So with that, let's make sure we connect our place input to the share place in the next lecture.